docs(effects): update examples to standalone api (#4522)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/effects/index.md

Imagine that your application manages movies. Here is a component that fetches and displays a list of movies.

<code-example header="movies-page.component.ts">

> import { Component, inject } from '@angular/core';

Reviewer: If we're importing `inject` here I think it's also good to update the snippet to use inject instead of using the constructor. 
Do you also want to change this, or should we pick this up in a different PR?

Note: the example of `<code-example header="movies.service.ts">` also needs to be updated using `injet`

Imagine that your application manages movies. Here is a component that fetches and displays a list of movies.

<code-example header="movies-page.component.ts">
import { Component, inject } from '@angular/core';
import { CommonModule } from '@angular/common';

@Component({
  template: `
    &lt;li *ngFor="let movie of movies"&gt;
      {{ movie.name }}
    &lt;/li&gt;
  `,
  standalone: true,

>   imports: [CommonModule, MoviesService],

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  imports: [CommonModule],
```

<code-example header="movies.service.ts">
@Injectable({
  providedIn: 'root',

>   standalone: true,
>   imports: [HttpClient],

Reviewer 2: `Injectable` doesn't have `standalone`/`import` properties

```suggestion
```

Author: done, i also  add return type for getAll and some imports

Effects handle external data and interactions, allowing your services to be less stateful and only perform tasks related to external interactions. Next, refactor the component to put the shared movie data in the `Store`. Effects handle the fetching of movie data.

<code-example header="movies-page.component.ts">

> import { Component, inject } from '@angular/core';

Reviewer: If we're importing `inject` here I think it's also good to update the snippet to use inject instead of using the constructor. 
Do you also want to change this, or should we pick this up in a different PR?

- Effects are subscribed to the `Store` observable.
- Services are injected into effects to interact with external APIs and handle streams.

<div class="alert is-helpful">

**Note:** Since NgRx v15.2, classes are not required to create effects. Learn more about functional effects [here](#functional-effects).

</div>

> 

Reviewer 2: why is this alert removed? we can keep the reference to functional effects

Reviewer: This was my bad, thanks for adding it back @AdrianRomanski

@Injectable()
export class MoviesEffects {

>   private actions$ = inject(Actions);

Reviewer 2: `inject` import is missing

  private moviesService = inject(MoviesService);

  loadMovies$ = createEffect(() => {

>     return this.actions$.pipe(

Reviewer: the examples are also updates to be compliant to https://ngrx.io/guide/eslint-plugin/rules/prefer-effect-callback-in-block-statement

> ## Registering Root Effects

Reviewer: We can consolidate the `Registering Root Effects` and `Registering Feature Effects` into one, as it's the same for the standalone API.
Can you give this a try or do you'd like help with this?
E.g. the text "Registering effects can also be done using the standalone APIs..." also needs to be updated.

Author: @timdeschryver i did it, but not sure if its correct.

> After you've written class-based or functional effects, you must register them so the effects start running. To register root-level effects, add the `EffectsModule.forRoot()` method with an array or sequence of effects classes and/or functional effects dictionaries to your `AppModule`.

Reviewer: Can you add a note about NgModules similar to https://github.com/sheikalthaf/platform/blob/6f926343e3f50e1d9a35c90b3c76c811d3fc9dbe/projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/router-store/index.md?plain=1#L30 please?

</div>

## Registering Feature Effects

For feature modules, register your effects by adding the `EffectsModule.forFeature()` method in the `imports` array of your `NgModule`.

<code-example header="admin.module.ts">
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { EffectsModule } from '@ngrx/effects';

import { MoviesEffects } from './effects/movies.effects';
import * as actorsEffects from './effects/actors.effects';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    EffectsModule.forFeature(MoviesEffects, actorsEffects)
  ],
})
export class MovieModule {}
</code-example>

### Using the Standalone API

Feature-level effects are registered in the `providers` array of the route config. The same `provideEffects()` function is used in root-level and feature-level effects.

<code-example header="movie-routes.ts">
import { Route } from '@angular/router';
import { provideEffects } from '@ngrx/effects';

import { MoviesEffects } from './effects/movies.effects';
import * as actorsEffects from './effects/actors.effects';

export const routes: Route[] = [
  {
    path: 'movies',
    providers: [
      provideEffects(MoviesEffects, actorsEffects)
    ]
  }
];
</code-example>

<div class="alert is-important">

> **Note:** Registering an effects class multiple times, either by `forRoot()`, `forFeature()`, or `provideEffects()`, (for example in different lazy loaded features) will not cause the effects to run multiple times. There is no functional difference between effects loaded by `root` and `feature`; the important difference between the functions is that `root` providers sets up the providers required for effects.

Reviewer 2: Why is this section removed?

Author: I added it back

Reviewer: I removed this, and I think it should stay removed.
Looking back it at now it seems like some merges/edits went wrong.

`Registering Effects` shouldn't mention `forRoot` or `forFeature` anymore, but it should show how to register effects using `provideEffects` within different contexts (bootstrapApplication, routes).

I will  go over this section again tomorrow.
Thanks for the review @markostanimirovic

<div class="alert is-important">

Effects start running **immediately** after instantiation to ensure they are listening for all relevant actions as soon as possible.
Services used in root-level effects are **not** recommended to be used with services that are used with the `APP_INITIALIZER` token.

> An example of the `@ngrx/router-store` setup in module-based applications is available at the [following link](https://v17.ngrx.io/guide/router-store#setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

</div>

<div class="alert is-important">

> **Note:** Registering an effects class multiple times, either by `forRoot()`, `forFeature()`, or `provideEffects()`, 
> (for example in different lazy loaded features) will not cause the effects to run multiple times.
> There is no functional difference between effects loaded by `root` and `feature`; the important difference between the functions 
> is that `root` providers sets up the providers required for effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Registering an effects class multiple times (for example in different lazy loaded features) does not cause the effects to run multiple times.
```

<div class="alert is-critical">

> The `EffectsModule.forFeature()` method or `provideEffects()` function must be added to the module imports/route config 
> even if you only provide effects over token, and don't pass them through parameters. (Same goes for `EffectsModule.forRoot()`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `provideEffects()` method must be added to the module imports/route config 
even if you only provide effects over token, and don't pass them through parameters.
```
